docs/contributing.md, before:

---
id: contributing
title: Contributing
slug: /contributing
description: "Learn how to contribute to the Godot Launcher and its ecosystem projects including the web and docs."
tags: 
  - contribute
  - open-source
  - community
---

# Contributing

Godot Launcher is a community-driven open source project. Contributions are welcome across:

- The **launcher** (`launcher` core application)
- The **website** (`launcher-web`)
- The **documentation** (`launcher-docs`)

Before contributing, please read the `contributing guidelines` in the respective repository.

- [Launcher Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

- [Website Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

- [Docs Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

If you're not sure where to start, check the issues labeled `good first issue` or join the [community Discord](#) to ask.

Commit message:

Release/1.5.0 (#11)
* Feat: Add installation guide for Godot Editor

* Feat: Update .gitignore to include editor directories and files

* Feat: Add Translation Contribution Guide to documentation

* Feat: Enhance documentation with translation and localization resources

* Feat: Add lucide-react as a dependency in package.json and package-lock.json

* Feat: Add Godot launcher language selector image

* Feat: Update language switch description in launcher settings documentation

* Feat: Update localization to localisation for consistency in terminology

* chore: update Docusaurus dependencies to version 3.9.2

docs/contributing.md, after:

---
id: contributing
title: Contributing
slug: /contributing
description: "Learn how to contribute to the Godot Launcher and its ecosystem projects including the web and docs."
tags: 
  - contribute
  - open-source
  - community
---

# Contributing

Godot Launcher is a community-driven open source project. Contributions are welcome across:

- The **launcher** (`launcher` core application)
- The **website** (`launcher-web`)
- The **documentation** (`launcher-docs`)

Before contributing, please read the `contributing guidelines` in the respective repository.

- [Launcher Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

- [Website Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

- [Docs Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

If you're not sure where to start, check the issues labeled `good first issue` or join the [community Discord](/community) to ask.

Interested in localisation? Follow the [translation contribution guide](/contributing/translations), open a localisation issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/issues/new/choose), or drop feedback in the [community Discord](/community).
