docs/overview.md, before:

---
id: overview
title: Welcome to Godot Launcher
description: "Official Documentation for Godot Launcher, a standalone app to streamline editor downloads, manage multiple versions, and automate new project setups—so you can focus on building great games."
sidebar_label: Overview
slug: /
---

# Godot Launcher

Welcome to the official Godot Launcher documentation.

**Godot Launcher** is a standalone app to streamline editor downloads, manage multiple versions, and automate new project setups — so you can focus on building great games.

![Godot Launcher - Create project UI](/img/launcher-new-project-ui.webp)

---

## Features at a Glance

- **Git & VSCode Integration** – Instant Git setup and ready-to-use VSCode configurations.
- **Godot Version Management** – Easily install, switch, and prototype with multiple Godot versions.
- **Per-Project Settings** – Isolated editor configurations to avoid conflicts across projects.
- **System Tray Access** – Quickly open projects with a single click from the system tray.
- **Automatic Updates** – Stay up to date with one-click upgrades.
- **Cross-Platform Support** – Windows ready, with Mac and Linux support coming soon.
- **Free & Open Source** – Forever free and community-driven.

---

## Contributing

Godot Launcher is built with the community in mind — and we welcome your input.

Whether you're fixing a bug, suggesting a feature, improving the docs, or just sharing feedback, your contributions help shape the future of this tool.

👉 [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)  
👉 [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/discussions)

---

## Roadmap

Want to know what we’re working on, what’s coming next, and what already shipped?

The **public roadmap** is the best way to follow active development and help shape where the launcher goes next.

📍 [View the Roadmap on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/godotlauncher/projects/1)

You can vote, comment, or submit ideas. We review everything.

---

## Source Repositories

- **Godot Launcher (main app)**: [github.com/godotlauncher/launcher](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher)
- **Website**: [github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-website](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-website)
- **Documentation**: [github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-docs](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-docs)

Commit message:

Release/1.5.0 (#11)
* Feat: Add installation guide for Godot Editor

* Feat: Update .gitignore to include editor directories and files

* Feat: Add Translation Contribution Guide to documentation

* Feat: Enhance documentation with translation and localization resources

* Feat: Add lucide-react as a dependency in package.json and package-lock.json

* Feat: Add Godot launcher language selector image

* Feat: Update language switch description in launcher settings documentation

* Feat: Update localization to localisation for consistency in terminology

* chore: update Docusaurus dependencies to version 3.9.2

docs/overview.md, after:

---
id: overview
title: Welcome to Godot Launcher
description: "Official Documentation for Godot Launcher, a standalone app to streamline editor downloads, manage multiple versions, and automate new project setups—so you can focus on building great games."
sidebar_label: Overview
slug: /
---

# Godot Launcher

Welcome to the official Godot Launcher documentation.

**Godot Launcher** is a standalone app to streamline editor downloads, manage multiple versions, and automate new project setups — so you can focus on building great games.

![Godot Launcher - Create project UI](/img/launcher-new-project-ui.webp)

---

## Features at a Glance

- **Git & VSCode Integration** – Instant Git setup and ready-to-use VSCode configurations.
- **Godot Version Management** – Easily install, switch, and prototype with multiple Godot versions.
- **Per-Project Settings** – Isolated editor configurations to avoid conflicts across projects.
- **System Tray Access** – Quickly open projects with a single click from the system tray.
- **Multilingual Interface** – Detects your OS language and lets you switch between 14 supported locales from settings.
- **Automatic Updates** – Stay up to date with one-click upgrades.
- **Cross-Platform Support** – Windows ready, with Mac and Linux support coming soon.
- **Free & Open Source** – Forever free and community-driven.

---

## Contributing

Godot Launcher is built with the community in mind — and we welcome your input.

Whether you're fixing a bug, suggesting a feature, improving the docs, or just sharing feedback, your contributions help shape the future of this tool.

👉 [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)  
👉 [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher/discussions)

---

## Roadmap

Want to know what we’re working on, what’s coming next, and what already shipped?

The **public roadmap** is the best way to follow active development and help shape where the launcher goes next.

📍 [View the Roadmap on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/godotlauncher/projects/1)

You can vote, comment, or submit ideas. We review everything.

---

## Source Repositories

- **Godot Launcher (main app)**: [github.com/godotlauncher/launcher](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher)
- **Website**: [github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-website](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-website)
- **Documentation**: [github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-docs](https://github.com/godotlauncher/launcher-docs)
